Added FAQ for Community Grants (#1254)
USRSE/usrse.github.io: pages/grants/grants-and-awards.md

  will obtain if you receive the US-RSE grant.
- How will this proposal, if granted, benefit US-RSE or the wider RSE community?
- Describe how the proposal aligns with [the mission of US-RSE](https://us-rse.org/about/mission/).
- Describe your plan for evaluating the success of the proposal.
- As an expectation of funding, we will ask you to write a short post for the
  US-RSE news and/or newsletter describing the proposal and its impact and/or
  outcomes. Are there additional outputs or deliverables you expect to result
  from this proposal?

### FAQs

<details>
  <summary><b>Q: Can individuals submit multiple proposals?</b></summary>
    A: Yes, individuals can submit multiple proposals.
</details>

<details>
  <summary><b>Q: Can a travel grant be retroactive (i.e., used for a conference that has recently passed from before the review period?)</b></summary>

>     A: No; applications must be for a future event. Applications are reviewed every quarter. See the <a href="https://us-rse.org/grants-and-awards/">website</a> for more details on upcoming deadlines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A: No; applications must be for a future event. Applications are reviewed every quarter. See the above for more details on upcoming deadlines.
```
Since they are already on that page...

Author: Good catch. I fixed it with the push below.
